I'm Sanako Isogai.
Seventeen years old.
[Youhei chuckles]
Your big brother has taken
very good care of me.
Funny, I feel like we've
met somewhere before.
[Sanae]
This is a small town.
We probably just bumped into
each other somewhere or another.
-You're awful pretty...
-That very sweet of you to say.
Huh...
A pretty girl like you
with my brother...
With my brother...
-You poor thing!
-What's that supposed to mean?
Looks like Mei doesn't
recognize her.
I can't believe the plan's
actually working!
Is it really that
hard to believe?
-Hey, it's a ghost.
-[Nagisa] For a second,
I didn't know it
was Mom, either.
[Mei] I really do feel like
I've met her somewhere before.
It's all in your head.
Oh, I forgot to ask,
but do you know where Sunohara's
taking her?
They're probably just
going out to eat, first.
Speaking of which, I wonder if
he knows any nice restaurants.
Huh? Hey, Nagisa.
Do you know what
used to be here before?
I don't know... Sorry,
but I really can't remember...
Sana... Sanako, you're not,
uh, hungry, are you?
Maybe a little bit.
There's a place right around
the corner I always eat at.
What do you say
we pick up lunch there?
That sounds great.
I can't wait to see!
This is my favorite place
in the whole town!
[disgusted groan]
[Youhei] It's a really
nice restaurant.
You're kidding, right?
For the record,
I recommend the katsudon.
I eat it, like,
three times a day.
Now, I know the place may
look a little high-class,
but don't worry, it's not
outside of my price range.
Hm?
Do you really eat at this place
three times a day?
And always katsudon?
I know it sounds expensive,
but I can handle it!
[goofy chuckle]
Hm...
Here you go! Lunch is ready!
[Youhei cheers]
[all] All right, let's eat!
[all] Thanks for the food!
Wow, that was super delicious!
But somehow the flavor seemed
strangely familiar...
Eating nothing but katsudon
everyday
will leave you malnourished.
You should start cooking on your
own every once in a while.
[Youhei] Okay!
Sanako, you're so sweet
and considerate.
And yet... even though you're so
nice and pretty...
My brother is...
Oh, You poor thing!
Can you stop saying
that already?
[both laugh]
They seem happy, but
what are they doing next?
Oh, probably going shopping
or to the movies or whatever.
Yeah, someplace normal, right?
He wouldn't take a nice
girl like her
to someplace like an arcade.
[Mei groans]
[Youhei, chanting]
Seiya, seiya, seiya, seiya!
-This is just awful.
-No joke.
On the upside,
Sunohara looks really focused.
Seiya!
Hi-yah!
Huh?!
What's with this machine?
The settings must be
all messed up.
[Sanae] Violence isn't
the answer, Youhei!
Let's get outta this sorry
place.
There's something you gotta
hear at the CD shop!
[Tomoya]
How is his taste in music?
Bad. Really bad.
Here we go, I found it!
These guys are
my favorite group!
Oh, they look very unique!
[groans]
Here, listen.
[gasp]
He's even more hopeless
than usual today.
[Sanae] It's starting
to get dark...
What do you mean?
The night's still young!
Let's find a place to watch
the sun set together!
Hasn't he dragged her
around town enough today?
Shouldn't Sanae be getting back
to her real lover sometime soon?
Oh, now that you mention it,
she should probably start on
dinner...
-[girl] No!
-[boy 1] You're in the way!
[boy 2] We can't play
with you here!
-[girl] I don't wanna move!
-[boy 1] I don't care! Go away!
Get off of the swing!
No! Leave me alone!
-Is that bothering you?
-Yeah.
Come on, let's go stop them!
Hold on a sec.
Hold on, I'll go
say something to them...
Don't worry, they'll be fine!
But I...
[children continue arguing]
[Youhei]
Come on, it's no big deal.
Kids fight all the time,
it's how they grow up.
You don't mean that...
[grunting]
Hey!
[brother]
Leave my sister alone!
[screaming]
[panting]
[gasp]
At any rate, it looks like the
problem took care of itself.
No point in hanging around now.
Wait a second.
Doesn't it seem like something's
still bothering them?
Let me go check.
I'll be right back.
Good thing I asked.
These two were running
an errand for their parents
and couldn't find
their way back home.
Her brother was trying to figure
out where they were
when those boys walked up
and started picking on her.
I see, so they're lost.
While we're here, I think
we should make sure
they make it
back safe and sound.
It's no big deal.
They'll be fine on their own.
Cut it out!
Come on, you two.
[Nagisa] Um, uh...
maybe we should find out
their names first.
[Sanae]
Oh, alright.
[little sister giggles]
[Sanae] What's your name?
[Nagisa] Oh, look!
She has a little name
tag on the front of her dress!
[Mei] That's great!
Their address
is on the back, too.
[Sanae] Oh, it's right
around the corner!
Here, I'll lead the way!
Aren't you glad?
You get to go home now!
[groan]
Turns out it was a lot
closer than we thought, too!
-[Sanae] Uh-huh!
-Their parents were so happy,
they looked like they
were about to cry.
Stop sulking like
a little baby, Sunohara!
Get over here!
We didn't make you mad,
did we, Youhei?
Nah, it's not that.
Just feels like this stuff put a
damper on our date, that's all.
Get over it!
What's wrong with you?!
[chuckle]
Don't be so grouchy,
Youhei, it's fine.
In fact, if you don't mind, I'd
like to do this again sometime.
You mean it?
I had a lot of fun with you
today and I'm very flattered
that you treasure our time
together so much...
But sometimes there are more
important things
to worry about.
So, no matter what, you can't
lose sight of that, okay?
[sheepish chuckle]
[Youhei] Y-you got it!
[laughing continues]
[humming along to music]
Ah? Huh?
Good morning, Okazaki.
All that...
and a toilet.
Well, you're in
high spirits today...
Let's go grab some lunch...
all that, and a toilet.
Just the lunch part for me.
I think, I'll have a katsudon.
All that... and a toilet.
That's a unique combination.
Oh, but maybe I should hold out
since Sanae told me
to eat healthy and stuff.
All that, and a toilet.
[Tomoya] I hate
to tell you this,
but Mei was still worried
about you last night.
She was happy about
your fake girlfriend,
but upset 'cause you haven't
exactly cleaned up your act.
Guess I should start
taking my future
a little more seriously, huh?
For Sanae's sake, too.
All that, and a toilet!
Is the toilet part just for you,
or is that for Sanae, too?
When I was little,
there were a bunch of things
I wanted to be when I grew up.
A soccer player.
[girls cheer]
-A pilot.
-So cool!
-A teacher.
-He's dreamy!
All that...
[chuckle]
...and a toilet!
I think that last one's
gonna give you some trouble.
[Youhei growls]
I can't do it!
This "all that
and a toilet" thing
is ruining everything I say!
All right... then why don't
you just stop doing it?
It was your idea
in the first place!
Huh? Are you sure?!
It's fine. I won't
get mad today.
As they say, "A man
in love is forgiving."
You're in a good mood, huh?
Of course I am.
Sanae said she's gonna call me
as soon as school is over.
I can't believe it.
She must have fallen
for me after all!
Yeah, that's nice and all...
but maybe you should
think about how Mei fee-
Hey, if I marry Sanae...
and then you get
married to Nagisa...
we'll be brothers, right?
That's great, I always
wanted a little bro!
[loud chewing]
This is good!
[Nagisa] I feel like this is
doing more harm than good.
You may be right. He seems even
stupider than yesterday.
Oh?
Hi, Mei! I guess you're
waiting for Sunohara?
Yep. But wait,
he's not with you guys?
He said he was in
a rush to get home.
He didn't want to miss
an important call
from his girlfriend.
Jeez. He is hopeless, isn't he?
[groaning]
No offense, but could
you please go away?
Hey, Sunohara...
Your sister came all this way
to check on you
and you pull that
kind of attitude?
What's your problem?
When one is faced with this
beautiful thing called love,
who has time
for a little sister?
Man, I didn't know
what I was missing!
And speaking of which,
since everything's fine here,
why don't you head
back home, Mei?
I'm not ready to leave yet.
There are still some things
I have to do while I'm here.
You still have things
you gotta do?
Oh, so that's it, huh?
What are you guys talking about?
In other words,
this whole "checking up on
her brother" thing
was just an excuse
to have some fun.
She's always liked it here,
and it sure beats sticking
around back home with the folks.
Right?
Yeah, that's right.
Told you!
But I'm not just
here to have fun.
I came because I wanted
to see my boyfriend too.
Y-your boyfriend?!
I met him on my last trip here.
He's a little older than me,
but he's really mature
and really sweet.
He's always talking about
how cute I am,
and he teaches me
all kinds of fun stuff.
Wait, where did this come from?
When you're in love, who
has time for a big brother?
I said, wait!
Who the hell is this guy-
[Mei] I'm supposed
to meet him right now.
I'd better get going.
[door opens]
Sure is nice having someone
who cares for you, isn't it?
Mei, wait! Come back!
Hey! You're not gonna let
her go like that, are you?!
I-I dunno.
If I go after her, I might
end up missing Sanae's call...
Are you still stuck on that?
What are you gonna do if this
guy turns out to be
some kinda asshole?!
Yeah, but you can't tell
someone who to love.
[uneasy chuckle]
[sigh]
Youhei?
Oh.
I'm sorry,
I hate to disappoint you.
[sighing]
I understand you were upset,
but don't you think you might've
taken it a little too far?
So what now?
I feel like you just made
things more complicated.
I hate seeing Youhei like that.
I don't know what's
wrong with him.
Even though
I was just pretending,
I wanted him to get
mad and try to stop me.
He could've hit me
for all I care.
Better than just ignoring me...
It's like he
doesn't even care...
When I was little,
the kids in the neighborhood
used to pick on me.
They were always making me cry.
But even if I was upset,
I knew my brother would be
there to save me.
As soon as I cried out,
he'd come running to my rescue,
just like magic.
He'd yell, "You better
not make Mei cry,"
and all the bullies
would scramble.
It made me feel so loved...
I didn't have a fear
in the world.
When Youhei was in middle
school,
he started playing soccer.
He was really good at it too.
I wasn't the only one who
depended on him anymore...
his whole team did.
It's like he isn't even
my real brother anymore.
My real brother wouldn't
abandon some poor girl
who was being picked on
by bullies.
My real brother
wouldn't let me go out
with some guy he doesn't know!
-[Tomoya sighs]
-Okazaki...
the girl I saw yesterday
isn't really Youhei's
girlfriend, is she?
Well, I can't say I'm surprised
you figured it out.
Um, actually,
his girlfriend is my mom.
He thinks she's my sister.
I'm sorry for lying, we just
didn't want you to worry.
That's what I thought... Jeez.
He's hopeless, isn't he?
What can I say?
I'm sorry he's
so much trouble...
Oh no, we don't think
of him that way...
He really is hopeless...
Do you have a date with
Sunohara again today?
That's right.
After all, I have to make
up for what happened last time.
Now that Mei knows,
you don't really have to wear
a disguise anymore...
I know, but it's fun
and the look is starting
to grow on me a bit.
Hey, what are you guys up to?
Huh? S-Sanae!
Wow, Dad, I'm impressed!
You saw through mom's
disguise in no time flat!
It's nothing bad.
I can explain.
Ah! Mom, it's a secret!
Shh... Shh...
All right, now you really got me
wondering what's going on.
We were rehearsing for
a play, that's all.
-A play?
-[Tomoya] That's right.
We wanted Sanae to help us,
so we were having her
try on a couple of costumes.
Yeah?
Hmm.
Are these the only costumes
you got to work with,
'cause it looks like
they're all for girls...
-Sanae, Get out of here...
-What kinda play
-while he's distracted, hurry!
-are you putting on?
-Oh, okay! See you.
-Oh, uh, I'm not sure yet.
We're still brainstorming...
Huh? Where did Sanae
take off to?
She, uh, probably got
embarrassed and ran away.
So cute and innocent,
you'd think she's
still in high school.
Anyway, what's
the story to your play?
Story? Actually, Nagisa's
the one in charge of that.
She's got a bit of
writer's block right now,
so maybe you can
help her out.
In the meantime, we'll, uh,
go look for your wife, 'kay?
Sure, leave it to me.
[scared gasp]
[Tomoya] I thought this is where
they were supposed to meet up.
Guess I was wrong...
[Mei] I didn't hear them mention
anything, so I'm not sure.
I was just going to tag
along with Sanae.
Whatever.
I'm sure we can trust Sanae to
take care of things on her end.
Why don't we go out and
have some fun for once?
Huh?
Worrying about Sunohara all
the time wears you out, right?
[upbeat music plays]
[gasp]
That's so cute!
Get it. It'd look good on you.
When you say things like that
it makes me wish you were
my brother, you know?
Are you kidding
or do you really mean that?
Of course I mean it!
All right, then why don't you
pretend I'm your big brother?
Pretend you're my brother?
Okay!
Hey, Big Brother, what's up?
[embarrassed gasp]
What's wrong, Big Brother?
N-nothing.
Man, that's some powerful stuff.
What are you mumbling about?
You're weird, Big Brother!
No! I... can't take it!
[grunting]
Okay, no more "big brother"
thing, got it?!
Why not?
Why can't I call you
"Big Brother," Big Brother?
[pained groans]
Actually...
How long have you been
standing there?
You're not asking Mei to call
you "Big Brother," are you?
Not good.
I think he was getting excited.
Oka... Okazaki...
Now hold on... I can explain!
Stay back! We didn't see
anything, I swear!
He's gonna infect us! Let's run!
You've got it all wrong!
-[scared screams]
-Hey, hold on!
[Kyou] Stay away!
That's it, no more big brother!
Huh?
Never mind, say it
as much as you like.
-[girl] What's up with that guy?
-He looks unstable to me.
I'm confused, Big Brother,
what should I do?
No, stop it!
Stop it!
[Mei] There's so many options,
I don't know what to choose!
It must be great
living in the city.
This isn't really a city,
but whatever.
It's my treat, okay?
Do you mean it?!
'Kay, then I won't hold back!
Oh! There!
That's the one I want!
I've never seen
anything like it!
Princess Crepe?
I've never seen
anything like that, either.
And look at that, a price
befitting a princess, too!
Man, girls are scary.
You sure that's
the one you want?
The Maharaja crepe
looks pretty good...
No, I'm sure! Please?
Can I have the Princess Crepe,
Big Brother?
It's super-duper yummy!
And I'm a super-duper chump.
Here, Big Brother,
you have a try!
I could have one bite,
I guess.
[loud chewing]
Ah!
You ate the only strawberry!
Yeah, you said I
could have some, so...
I hate you, Big Brother.
No! Please!
Anything but that!
Then take a picture
with me over there.
If you do that,
I'll forgive you.
No way. That's so lame.
-My crepe!
-All right, all right!
[Mei] Is this how it works?
Hm? I don't know.
[laugh] This is so fun!
[machine] Please choose a frame.
It's your choice.
Hmm... Oh!
I like this one!
Okay.
Preparing the camera.
Stand in place.
'Kay!
Ready?
Say, "Cheese."
[Mei laughs]
[chuckle]
Oh man, I hope nobody saw that.
Okazaki! You gotta put this
on your school binder, okay?
Oh, hell no!
[chuckle]
What's up?
Haven't seen you in hours.
Where'd you go?
I was out
with my girlfriend.
Now what the hell
are you two doing here?
[Tomoya] What do you mean?
We were looking for...
What's this?
You going to explain
this to me?
Who cares?
It's none of your business!
Give it back!
[sighing]
Looks like the cat's
out of the bag now.
Huh?
It's exactly what
you're thinking.
The boyfriend Mei was talking
about is none other than me.
So what, are you just
stringing Nagisa along?
For now.
Until I dump her at least.
Listen, I'll be
honest with you...
Mei stayed over
at my place last night.
Right, Mei?
Y-yeah, that's right.
It was just me and Okazaki
together all night.
Well... let's get
out of here, Mei.
Oh, right.
Wait, come back...
I said wait...
[frustrated grunt]
How did it turn out like this?
Damn it...
[Nagisa] And that's
the last you saw of him?
[Tomoya] Yeah, we just made
something up to make him worry.
This is my fault.
Sorry for dragging you in...
[Tomoya] No, it's fine.
But even after
I tried to make him angry,
he still wouldn't say anything.
I thought he'd show us
his big brother side,
but it just didn't happen.
[Mei] Of course not.
My brother doesn't care
what happens to me.
Don't say that, Mei!
That isn't true!
Still, I don't think it was
right to lie to him like that.
Listen... I hate to say it,
but maybe you should head home.
You've been missing
school for a week now,
I'm sure your parents
are worried about you.
No, I can't go home yet.
Not until my brother
pulls himself together.
-[Tomoya sighs]
-Okazaki...
It seems like everything
started to go wrong for Youhei
after he left the soccer club.
If he had the chance to play
again, then he might get better!
He might be like the big brother
I grew up with!
We have to find a way
to get him back on the team.
[Tomoya] I don't think
that'll be easy.
Not after what happened between
him and the other members.
Surely you realize that, right?
None of that matters.
It's the only choice
we have left.
[Youhei] Besides,
I'm busy with Sanae.
I don't have time to worry about
every little thing Mei is doing.
Listen, Mei, are you sure you
don't want to rethink
this whole thing?
[Yukine] There are a lot of
wonderful things about him,
he just has a hard time
showing his good side to people.
You sure you want
to do this, Okazaki?